Hopefully you understand the general idea behind inheritance.
Now let's look at some caveats to the inherit no in order to do that.
We're gonna head over back to the style assess and we're gonna have a selection for the body and for
the body would like to have some kind of fun family.
Now I know I keep repeating this but please don't focus on the properties and the values because we
will gonna cover them in general I would have to cover some very major topics first and then we're going
to look at the specific properties and the value.
Now like I said we're going to be looking for the family and in our case we're gonna go forward the
model space and we're also gonna add some line height let's say line height is gonna be one point five
OEM's or something like that.
So notice something interesting.
Now all my children element are inheriting this from the body.
Now the reason for that is not only we are just using some kind of assets we are not overwriting this
specific property.
So this is important.
Now let's say again we're going to add the color of red within the body then because we are selecting
this color within the div as well as within the heading to.
This is where we are more specifically working with this element or if there is gonna be properties
that we're passing down from the parent.
We will get the inherited.
So this is kind of important point because understand that this will be inherited unless you specifically
overwrite that specific property.
So please don't get confused and don't think that just because you added color blue in a div doesn't
mean that you are going to also overwrite the font family in line break.
It doesn't work that way.
It needs to be a specific property.
Now in that case I was all going to be using different value like with heading to where you have the
same property with different value but if you are not working with that property then you will gonna
be inheriting that property.
Now what's also important is that not every properties are going to be inherited.
So let's say we're going to work with a border and in this case we're going to add like three pixels
solid and I don't know black.
Something like this.
Check this out only Dave right now has this property.
So not all the properties can be inherited by children.
So that's also something to remember.